ATLASTRIP: five agents on five frameworks, cooperating over the A2A protocol
Repository: github.com/fnusatvik07/a2a-multi-agent-travel

THE PROBLEM THIS EXISTS TO SHOW

Almost every multi-agent demo is one process with a long list of tools. The
interesting question is what happens when it cannot be one process: when the
agents belong to different teams, run on different frameworks, and cannot be
persuaded to share a virtualenv.

In this project that is not hypothetical. A single shared environment cannot
exist:

  crewai 1.15.17      requires openai>=2.30,<3
  pydantic-ai 2.35.1  requires openai>=3

  google-adk 2.8.0        requires mcp<2
  llama-index-tools-mcp   ships against mcp>=2

uv refuses to resolve them together, correctly. This is the ordinary state of
the Python agent ecosystem, not a constraint invented for a demo. It is
precisely the situation A2A exists for: when agents cannot share a process,
they can still share a protocol.

THE TWO PROTOCOLS

MCP gives an agent its tools.       One tool call, returns immediately.
A2A lets agents give each other     One task, which has a lifecycle, and which
work.                                the callee can pause.

The clearest difference is the approval. A tool call cannot say "hold on, I
need a human". A task can, by moving to input-required and staying there.

THE FIVE AGENTS

  Concierge   LangGraph     :8000   orchestrates the trip, talks to the person
  Skyline     Google ADK    :8001   sources and ranks flights
  Hearth      CrewAI        :8002   finds lodging near the meeting venue
  Sentinel    LlamaIndex    :8003   rules on travel policy and entry rules
  Ledger      Pydantic AI   :8004   authorises spend against a cost centre

All four specialists read one shared MCP server on :8100, each through its own
framework's MCP client. PostgreSQL holds the flight and hotel inventory, the
people, the budget ledger, and the A2A task store. TinyDB holds the policy
clauses, the entry rulebook, and the audit trail.

The agents share no runtime and no library. The only code they have in common
is a small package of pydantic models that defines what a message means.

ONE REAL RUN

An engineer types one sentence:

  "Mira Halvorsen needs to be at the Kaisei Robotics quarterly business review
   in Tokyo from 14 October 2026 to 17 October 2026."

1. Concierge parses it, resolves Mira in the directory (grade IC5, US
   passport, cost centre CC-ROBOTICS-APAC), and commissions two agents at once.

2. Skyline searches live fare inventory. The flight is eleven hours, so it
   offers premium economy where the fare is within a defensible multiple of
   economy: UA 837 out, UA 838 back, $3,110.48. It does not know whether Mira
   is allowed premium economy, and its agent card says so.

3. Hearth searches lodging. The nearest hotel to the customer's office is the
   Shinagawa Bay Tower at $298.33 a night, against a $280 cap. It takes it
   anyway, because it is 210 metres from the front door, and it flags that it
   went over.

4. Sentinel screens the assembled trip against the corporate travel policy and
   the entry rulebook. It rules the hotel a violation of clause TRV-003 and
   states the cap in its finding.

5. The Concierge does not overrule anybody. It reads the cap out of Sentinel's
   finding and goes back to Hearth with the cap as a hard constraint. Hearth
   returns the Konan Garden Hotel at $189.96 a night, 560 metres away.
   Sentinel screens again and clears it.

6. Ledger checks the cost centre. The trip is $3,688.76 against $7,600.00
   remaining in the quarter. It fits, but it is over the $3,000 auto-approval
   threshold, so Ledger moves its A2A task into input-required and stops. No
   money moves.

7. That pause propagates. The Concierge's own task goes to input-required too,
   and the person who asked for the trip sees the question.

8. On approval, both tasks resume where they left off. Ledger commits the
   money to Postgres and issues an authorisation code. The itinerary is
   written.

WHY STEP 5 IS THE INTERESTING ONE

Hearth made a defensible judgement. Sentinel overruled it. The network
resolved the disagreement by negotiating, rather than by one agent quietly
knowing better than another.

That only works because judgement and enforcement live in different agents
that can talk to each other. The Concierge holds no copy of the policy; it
acts only on what it was told.

WHY THE INTERRUPT IS THE OTHER INTERESTING ONE

Ledger is the only agent on the network that changes anything. Everyone else
reads inventory and forms opinions. So the authority to say yes lives in plain
code, and when policy says a human must sign off, the task pauses rather than
failing.

The interruption travels from the agent that needs the answer, through the
orchestrator, out to the person who can give it, and no agent in that chain
special-cases the others. It is a property of the protocol, not something any
of these agents had to invent.

WHAT IS IN THE REPOSITORY

Seven virtualenvs, one per service. A seeded dataset: 1,938 flights, 6,042
hotel rates, 10 policy clauses, 12 entry rules. 88 unit tests that run offline
with no API key, and 70 integration tests against the live network. Three
generated architecture diagrams. A CLI that reads every agent card and replays
the whole exchange.

The whole network runs with no model at all: set
ATLASTRIP_REASONING=deterministic and every agent skips its model and calls its
own service layer directly. The A2A traffic, the MCP calls, the task
lifecycle, the interrupt and the database writes are unchanged.
